# Deep_Q-Learning

The goal here was to be able to create an AI that is capable of finding treasure in a simple maze. I used reinforcement learning and neural networks to accomplish this, specifically deep Q-learning where we have a neural network take the place of the Q-table. I also used an epsilon-greedy exploration strategy in order to balance exploration and exploitation in the AI. For this project I was essentially given everything but the actual Q-learning algorithm. The Q-learning algorithm I had to develop myself and that required quite a bit of research as well as trial and error.
	A computer scientist generally speaking develops code in order to solve problems. This is important because computer code can be used to do a wide variety of things and at this point forms the backbone of our civilization. I cannot think of many industries today that do not heavily rely on computers for their day to day tasks. As a computer scientist I approach a problem by first making sure I understand exactly what the issue I am solving is, then to see how other people have dealt with similar issues and finally to make a plan of action before I start to actually code. I will then go through multiple phases of testing and development before release to ensure I have covered all areas of the issue and accounted for any extraordinary circumstances. Ethically I must ensure that I deliver a product to the customer that is both secure and accomplishes the goal it set out to. I also need to make sure that I don’t make the project too expensive and keep it profitable for the company as well as delivering a good product to protect the company's reputation.
